narrator: bring a three-peer tailscale mesh up on top of our node.
narrator: the bringup script primes docker compose and the derp cert.
narrator: cargo build is warm in CI — sub-minute total bringup.
narrator: mesh-control plus three stock tailscale peers come online.
narrator: each peer runs tailscale up; the script waits for READY.
narrator: convergence prints READY when all three peers are visible.
narrator: peer-1 lists every machine the control plane has accepted.
narrator: the new mesh status CLI probes the admin surface directly.
narrator: under the Hub-free shape the admin router is not mounted.
narrator: teardown returns the host to a clean state for the next tape.